
#set ($nameCaps = $artifactId.substring(0, 1).toUpperCase() + $artifactId.substring(1))
$nameCaps Generated Business Logic SPI
======================================

The project contains SPI (service provider interface) types - each of which is a single-method
interface which provides the business logic for a given *Operation* defined in the Smithy
model from the ${artifactId}-model project adjacent to this one.

Each interface (modulo some special cases for authentication) represents one Smithy
*Operation* defined in the `\${artifactId}.smithy` in the adjacent
`\${artifactId}-model` project under `src/main/smithy` - and provides the business logic
for that operation.

Each interface has a single method which accepts an *input* object of the type defined
in the model (except when there is no input defined in the model, such as a simple HTTP GET
on a health request or similar), and accepts a `SmithyResponse` object which is to be
called **asynchronously** with the result of performing that operation once the business
logic has been completed and a response is ready, or be called with an error if the operation
fails in some fashion.

`SmithyResponse` is a simple wrapper over a `CompletableFuture` with some convenience methods
for configuring response headers and handling errors, and is framework-independent.

The SPI implementation **must** call the `SmithyResponse` eventually, or throw an exception,
in order for the response not to hang - examine your implementation carefully for corner-cases where
one of those things could possibly not happen and the request get thrown on the floor.

You do not need to implement all of these interfaces _immediately_ to have something useful:
The interfaces here all use Guice's `@ImplementedBy` implementation to bind a mock-version
of the interface (which just throws an `UnsupportedOperationException` which the server will
turn into a `501 Not Implemented` HTTP response).

The sibling of this project, `\${artifactId}-implementation` is where implementations
of these interfaces should be put.  They should then be bound in the launcher of the
server application.

Do not edit the code in this project and expect the edits to survive - it will be deleted 
and regenerated whenever the adjacent `\${artifactId}-model` project is rebuilt.


-------------------------------------------------------

This project originally generated by the [`${project.groupId}:${project.artifactId}` 
Maven Archetype](https://github.com/Telenav/smithy), version *${project.version}*.
